Add detail about known error types to Kestrel connection metric (#43584)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/built-in-metrics-aspnetcore.md

| Attribute  | Type | Description  | Examples  | Presence |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | `error.type` | string | Describes a type of error the connection ended with, or the unhandled exception type thrown during the connection pipeline. Known connection errors can be found [here](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/dotnet/dotnet-kestrel-metrics/#metric-kestrelconnectionduration). | `connection_reset`; `invalid_request_headers`; `System.OperationCanceledException` | If the connection ended with a known error or an exception was thrown. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `error.type` | string | Describes a type of error the connection ended with, or the unhandled exception type thrown during the connection pipeline. Known connection errors can be found at [Semantic Conventions for Kestrel web server metrics](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/dotnet/dotnet-kestrel-metrics/). | `connection_reset`; `invalid_request_headers`; `System.OperationCanceledException` | If the connection ended with a known error or an exception was thrown. |
```

As this metric is tracking the connection duration, and ideally http connections are used for multiple requests, the buckets should be longer than those used for request durations. For example, using [ 0.01, 0.02, 0.05, 0.1, 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2, 5, 10, 30, 60, 120, 300] provides an upper bucket of 5 mins.

> Starting in .NET 9.0, when a connection ends with a known error the `error.type` attribute value is set to the known error type. Known connection errors can be found [here](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/dotnet/dotnet-kestrel-metrics/#metric-kestrelconnectionduration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in .NET 9, when a connection ends with a known error, the `error.type` attribute value is set to the known error type. Known connection errors can be found at [Semantic Conventions for Kestrel web server metrics](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/dotnet/dotnet-kestrel-metrics/).
```

> Available starting in: .NET 8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available starting in: .NET 8.
```
